sf_VersaDirector_final (#22318)
demisto/content: Packs/VersaDirector/Integrations/VersaDirector/VersaDirector_description.md

# Versa Director

## Versa Director Authentication flow:

- **Versa Director Integration can work in 2 authentication methods: Basic or Auth Token.**
- **By default, Auth Token Authentication will be used in the integration, to use basic authentication see the Basic Authentication section**

### Basic Authentication:

> Basic authentication method based on ***Username*** and ***Password*** parameters (default authentication method).

Reviewer: Is it the default method if the use_basic_auth param is false by default?

Author: This has been fixed locally and will be updated in the next pr

  
**To use this method:**

1. Enter required ***Username*** and ***Password*** parameters in the Versa Director instance configuration.
2. Check the ***Use Basic Authentication*** checkbox.

### Auth Token:

#### There are 3 methods to use Auth Token authentication:

> ##### 1. If an Auth Client already exists, and ***Client ID***, ***Client Secret*** are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### 1. If user have valid authentication parameters, meaning ***Client ID*** and ***Client Secret*** are available:
```

1. Run `vd-auth-start` command, passing ***Client ID*** and ***Client Secret*** as arguments **OR** parameters to generate new Auth Token using the given Auth Client.
2. The new Auth Token along with all of its relevant information will be saved in the integration context.
3. Uncheck the ***Use Basic Authentication*** checkbox.

> ##### 2. If an Auth Client does not exist, and ***Client ID***, ***Client Secret*** are not available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### 2. If user do not have valid authentication parameters, meaning ***Client ID***, ***Client Secret*** are not available:
```

1. Check the ***Use Basic Authentication*** checkbox.
1. Run  `vd-auth-start` command, passing ***Token Name*** argument (if ***Token Name*** is not passed, a default name will be used - this may cause conflicts if an Auth Client already created with the same name).

> 2. The command will create a new Auth Client, and will generate a new Auth Token using the newly created Auth Client, displaying ***Client ID*** and ***Client Name*** in a message for later use.

Author: bad naming in the design. i changed Token Name to Client Name.
